   1) A linear collection of data elements.
   2) Each element is called a node.
   3) Each node has two parts: data and address of next node.
   4) The last node has address of NULL.
   5) The first node is called head node.
   6) The last node is called tail node.
   7) The address of head node is stored in a pointer variable called head.
   8) The address of tail node is stored in a pointer variable called tail.
    9) The address of next node is stored in a pointer variable called next.
    10) The address of previous node is stored in a pointer variable called prev.
    11) The address of current node is stored in a pointer variable called current.
    12) Easier insertion and deletion of items relative to arrays.
    13) Time complexity for accessing an element is O(n), which in arrays is O(1).
    14) Binary search is not possible in case of Linked List.
    15) It is of Dynamic Size.
    16) 4 types- Singly, Circular, Doubly , Doubly Circular.
    17) In singly linked list:-
         . A single link to next node.
         . Only forward traversal is possible.
        In doubly linked list:-
         . 3 parts- 1 data part and two pointer parts.
         . 1 pointer to previous node, 2nd pointer to next node. 
        In circular linked list:-
         . A variation of singly linked list.
         . Last Node points to the first node instead of Null.
        In doubly circular linked list:-
         . A variation of doubly linked list.
         . Last node points to the first node instead of Null. 
    18) Factors on the basis of which Linked List and Arrays can be compared:-
         . Cost of accessing an element.
         . Memory Requirement.
         . Memory utilization.
         . Cost of inserting an element( at beginning, end or specific position).
         . Cost of deleting an element( at beginning, end or specific position).
         (
            for inserting or deleting element from an array:-
            . from beginning- O(n)
            . from end- O(1)
            . from specific position- O(n)
            for inserting or deleting node from a linked list:-
            . from beginning- O(1)
            . from end- O(n)
            . from specific position- O(n). 
         )
         . Ease of use.
         . Search operations possible.
